CASMPET-5847: Update docs for how to clean nexus space (#2150)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/package_repository_management/Nexus_Space_Cleanup.md

- [Cleanup of data not being used](#cleanup-of-data-not-being-used)
- [Cleanup of old installs](#cleanup-of-old-installs)
- [Remove Data Marked for Deletion](#remove-data-marked-for-deletion)
- [Check PVC Size](#check-pvc-size)
- [Increase PVC size](#increase-pvc-size)

## Cleanup of data not being used

> Any data in Nexus that is not currently being used can be deleted to make space for the upgrade. Data includes repositories or artifacts,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any data in Nexus that is not currently being used can be deleted to make space for the upgrade. Data includes repositories or artifacts.
```

> to delete a blob store refer to [Remove Data Marked For Deletion](#remove-data-marked-for-deletion).This can include data added after the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete a blob store, refer to [Remove Data Marked For Deletion](#remove-data-marked-for-deletion). This can include data added after the
```

/usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/nexus-space-usage.sh
```

> ## Remove Data Marked for Deletion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Remove data marked for deletion
```

> After something is deleted in Nexus the data is marked for deletion but not removed from the disk. This can lead to a situation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After something is deleted in Nexus, the data is marked for deletion but not removed from the disk. This can lead to a situation
```

> where there is no space left on the disk but no way to see what is taking up space. After removing data from Nexus a clean up task needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where there is no space left on the disk but no way to see what is taking up space. After removing data from Nexus a clean up, task needs
```

> where there is no space left on the disk but no way to see what is taking up space. After removing data from Nexus a clean up, task needs

Reviewer 2: `...clean up, task ...`
Remove the ,

to be created to clear data from the disk. After data (a repository or just some artifacts) are deleted from Nexus create a task in Nexus

> by going to the Nexus admin section then clicking on System, then Tasks. The task that should be created is called "Admin - Compact blob store".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
by going to the Nexus admin section then clicking on **System**, then **Tasks**. The task that should be created is called "Admin - Compact blob store".
```

  ![Nexus Task Location](../../img/operations/Nexus_Task_Location.png "Nexus Task Location")

> The task has 3 required fields. A Name, a blob store, and task frequency. The name can be anything as long as it is not the same as another task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task has three required fields. A name, a blob store, and task frequency. The name can be anything as long as it is not the same as another task.
```

The blob store should be a blob store that has some data marked for deletion. The task frequency should be manual.

  ![Nexus Create Blob Compact Task](../../img/operations/Nexus_Compact_Task.png "Nexus Create Blob Compact Task")

> Once the task is created you need to run the task. Click on the task name from the task list, then click on run. It should take anywhere from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the task is created, then the task must be run. Click on the task name from the task list, then click on run. It should take anywhere from
```

30 seconds to 5 minutes depending on how much is marked for deletion. Check in the blob store section under repositories to make sure the total size

> decreases. If the task takes zero seconds to run then either no data is marked for deletion or the task needs to be run again. After the blob store has zero

Reviewer: ```suggestion
decreases. If the task takes zero seconds to run, then either no data is marked for deletion or the task needs to be run again. After the blob store has zero
```

> total size it can be deleted.

Reviewer 2: `total size it can be deleted.`
change 'it' to '`the blob store`
